well hello lovely funders today I'm
going to do a 2008 like Indiana Jones
review sets was called jungle duel and
its price point was really amazing 9
pounds just six to 12 set number seven
six to four it's the front of your box
90 pieces in this set and this price
point is a really good for a movie set
you never there's a there's a leg of
that mindset that's 12 now Lego really
being rubbish low price points okay and
I'll start with the main character Andy
Andy Andrews he's got his nice handbag
year is bullwhip no back printing and
then he's got a cool face there then
you've got Matt with this I really like
his hair they've they've got his hair on
their way I mean they've got his helmets
it's not got two little daggers here
just cool and his young teenage style
seventies eighties time clothing
they've got arena spoke I think that's
how you pronounce it yes ball cap
she looks very mean with a nice hair and
no back printing it's a shame that these
sets doing a black printing those days
you get three aunts red ants and a
little fireplace which is really easy to
build and you get two diamonds one red
and one
dark green and then you get the mana
from this Creek so that's a nice little
thing then this I really like this
because this adds so much stuff to the
set got your little sword holder a nice
golden sword and then a nice silver
Knight sword and then your other little
dagger there that's gonna spin around
like that so that is easy to get the M
badges now now you get your little table
which you get a map a red cup a nice
little lamp here and a pound with some
roast chicken just good now if like you
were playing to an actual straight
little battle you could have a Rena
chopping the table like that so let's
just see if that would actually work
yeah it does work pretty well and so I
that connects into a little slot yeah
and then the slightest pressure will
just break you get this simple bench
where to set off now this was pretty
cool this fabric tent which you just
stick on to this and yeah that adds
quite a lot of value to the set because
this is the other set where you get this
fabric and type of tent thing so that is
my review for the Lego Indiana Jones
Kingdom of Crystal Skull jungle duel
thank you for watching